December 18, 2021 saw the fulfillment of what many deaf people in Germany had wished for.
Two complete Bible books, the Gospels of Matthew and John, were released in German Sign Language.
According to 1 Timothy 2 verse 4, Jehovah wants all people to come to an accurate knowledge of the truth.
Up to now, there were just individual Bible verses and a few videos in German Sign Language.
But often the entire context of a Bible passage was unclear.
And that's exactly why the two newly released Bible books in German Sign Language are so valuable.
A hearing person tends to think that just by reading a verse, the correct conclusion can be drawn.
But for a deaf person that is not the case.
For example, John 4 verse 36 mentions gathering fruit for everlasting life.
A deaf person now thinks a fruit can give me everlasting life. Where can I get that fruit?
Through the Sign Language translation, it's now much easier to understand that it's about bringing people to the truth.
So that they can live forever and we as well.
It's always exciting for us to hear about the challenges people in our branch territory have to face.
And they are still able to get to know the truth.
When I was just 9 years old, I already wanted to become a nun.
Because I thought that nuns are closer to Jesus.
I was always fascinated by Jesus, the Bible, and God.
And I enjoyed looking at my children's Bible.
A friend of mine at school and her parents were very religious.
And they studied the Bible a lot. I liked that.
Through her, I heard about the Christian Association of the Deaf.
And I also became a member of that organization.
They discussed a lot of things, but I didn't find any answers to my questions.
After I left that organization, it looked like I would never find the true path to God and his son Jesus.
In the door to door ministry, the brothers used books as a basis.
And then had to sign the individual paragraphs themselves.
A short time later, Jehovah's Witnesses came to my door.
I thought they had made up the name Jehovah themselves.
When they showed me that God's name is in the Bible and that there is no such thing as hell,
I was very surprised and invited them in.
We talked for five hours. I was so relieved and wanted to know more.
That's why I started a personal Bible course with witnesses.
And I received answers to all my questions, exactly what I'd been looking for.
However, it wasn't all that easy.
The text was read and then signed. It was very tiring to follow.
But since I knew that this was the truth, it was worth all the effort.
It was also difficult later when I wanted to find out something for myself.
Ever since I was a child, I didn't like reading.
There is no other religious organization in Germany that has published entire books of the Bible in German Sign Language.
With Jehovah's support, our team has put together a truly beautiful Bible translation.
This translation is reliable and dignified, exactly what we would expect of God's Word.
I'm so thankful to Jehovah and I was overjoyed as the two gospels, Matthew and John were released in German Sign Language.
I had searched long for answers and now Jehovah has given me this wonderful gift.
I can hardly wait to use the Bible in the field ministry and to show other deaf ones God's Word, not as text, but sign in their language.